as always Hugo the what am I gonna pick for a name here the the master of Kaggle the master
of Kaggle how's the mischievous I went from like number 20 and I was like on cloud nine
you know like fuck I'm gonna beat this and like now I'm like a hundred something I'm
just like dude what I talked to a co-worker about it and he was like oh he's doing that
challenge I thought about doing it and I was like I don't know I think it's pretty tough
apparently I mean I guess makes sense one million dollar prize pool you know so it's
a lot of cash we're joined next by the scrolls one yeah the scrolls one joined next by Leo
Leo you know you get one step closer to being a free man every week we see you you think
you'll become more depressed or less depressed once you don't have a job oh definitely less
okay I feel like a lot of it is control over your time okay not bad I'm joined next by
by the man himself we got Sean welcome back is this an indicator of crypto's position
in the markets you joining or I come back on this podcast when he thought about 2k
only times I've ever run this podcast I went into pub 2k so PSI